and hello how about friends how have they been
welcome to an update of a
video that went up last year that is
causing a bit of controversy in my
channel some told me rat boy
some told me it was an east that
it was a crack
some others tell me it was okay
that some others that were wrong but
good that the video I'm talking about
specifically this video I uploaded it on
last year to think how to find
specific biomes in minecraft in that
then it was working was the
version 1.7 point 10 and I
I specifically said in the video that
it was not yet functional for the
1.8
because I was ready to leave
because the program has not been updated
more than once since then if in
that time it was in version 3.6
today it is in a version 3.7 to that
program they refer to me I mean is a
This has always cost me a lot
I work to pronounce it but it is this
are you watching
the 3.7 to meet 3.7
and well now I'll show you how
find the biomes in version 1.8 or
the most current 1.8 point 3 with the
version of amyts 3.7 I'm leaving the
download link in the same box here
down then where you write all those
things there I leave you
but here I leave the download link that
is what we have to do first must
temple I have to have minecraft
in the version downloaded the version
current which is 1.8 point 3 and the
version 1.7 point 10 because I say this
because it's if we work in half in
version 1.7 1.8 sorry
will automatically tell us that the
program that
that will not even tell us anything
it's just going to grow it closes and
ready then we have to do it in the
version 1.7 point 10 that's why
we must have installed both
versions 18 is the most current and the
1.7 point 10 I'm trying this module
point 8.3 I imagine it works for
the 1.81 and 1.8 point 2
I want to guess what if you do not change
to version 1.8 point do you think the most
current and we leave this one of this
fight in in this good video we're going to
use version 1.8 1.7 point 10 in
the amis version and the minecraft version
the 1.8 point 3 pts
I already have a map of this fact that
I made the same name
program let's give play we're going to
expect me to carry the world I hope that
born this is done
in the last tutorial we made a
question that was and elnosa a file in new
and we look for the folder of what would be the
map in this case we are going to work
this for the seeds
although he could not open the key
we have to
there it is we have to open it open the
seed
that this is the seed of our
world
what is the seed of our world
we press control n in the field or we
we go directly to file new and francis
that is the same as control
we wrote our appointment 92 172
40 19
40 19 77 48
80 06 21 those would be our id of the
game when not from this map in what
specific to the map that you see you were
this scan or search the biomes here
he asks us to thank the chat he asks us
We leave the world type by default
and we accept
we wait
our list had already scared me
well here is our world that
our map sorry we have
currently with the seed such here is
the backup that is where I am going to
vary a bit
value already here a little
hey
but basically it's where I'm at x 16
and 256
well now if we are going to look our what
what we want to look for let's say we want
look for huge to merme so far
I'm going to look for this villa that is here
I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it more
fast first I 'm going to put in mode
viewer
but not die
I'm in spectator mode and now I'm going
to put the tp
I always wear 70 in height
and 288
The most center and effectively as
indicates here are our coordinates
is a village or a village that is
exactly the village that we have here
then now this one since they already saw it
you can now look for your lake
scan your maps to look for some
specific language or some west for
look for villages the strong or whatever you want
look for this is new I have not seen it
still but good
x we are not going to enter into that because
even I know it is but good and
we saw that it works for 1.8 point 3
specifically we have to do it with
the seed not doing it like in the
last tutorial that this one
that was entering the moya folder and
find the map folder in this
occasion we are going to work on the
seed it is important that they do so
this way because if they do it from the
another way then he will create the program
and they will come to claim me by my side
that's why he stressed to them that it's about
seed we have to have installed the
two versions the 1.7 point 10 and the
more current version than 1.8 point 3
so far and well nothing we see that
is working we have the coordinates
and we see that we are in a villa
exactly here in the minecraft in the
game so well I do not expect this
tutorial will work for you and well what
if you work to you maybe a friend
is looking for some good in specific
happens in this video recommends doing it if
you liked give me a like you can follow me
also on social networks that is in
facebook twitter on both sides of me
you find as web name and also in
google + I do not know right now but it's in the
where all the letters are written
things related to lives my
name is antonio garduño this is the
u shoulder channel and we're seeing each other
in a next video see you later